{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red85\green129\blue224;\red23\green23\blue23;\red202\green202\blue202;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c40392\c58824\c90196;\cssrgb\c11765\c11765\c11765;\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 .\cf4 \strokec4  How many trips have been recorded total during the chosen period? In July there were 38,680 total trips; In August there were 43,267 total trips; In September there were 40,382 total trips; In October there were 43,537 total trips. There was a total of 165,866 total trips in the chosen time period.\cb1 \
\
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 2.\cf4 \strokec4  Today, what is the gender breakdown of active participants (Male v. Female)? After breaking down the data and showing the activeness of each gender, in each month the males were more active than the females. On the graph we can see that the count of male trips during each month were significantly higher than the monthly trips breakdown for females. \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 3.\cf4 \strokec4  What are the peak hours in which bikes are used during summer months? The peak hours in which people rode bikes during July were between the hours of 5pm - 9pm. The peak hours in which people rode bikes during August were between the hours of 4pm - 8pm.\cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 4.\cf4 \strokec4  What are the peak hours in which bikes are used during winter months? The peak hours in which people rode bikes during September were between the hours of 4pm - 7pm. The peak hours in which people rode bikes during October were between the hours of 3pm - 6pm.\cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 5.\cf4 \strokec4  Today, what are the top 10 stations in the city for starting a journey? (Based on data, why do you hypothesize these are the top locations?) Based off of the graph, the top 10 stations in the city to start biking:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 1.\cf4 \strokec4  Columbus Dr at Exchange Pl\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 2.\cf4 \strokec4  Grove St. Path\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 3.\cf4 \strokec4  Hamilton Park\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 4.\cf4 \strokec4  Harborside\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 5.\cf4 \strokec4  JC Medical Center\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 6.\cf4 \strokec4  Liberty Light Rail\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 7.\cf4 \strokec4  Marin Light Rail\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 8.\cf4 \strokec4  Manila & 1st\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 9.\cf4 \strokec4  Morris Canal\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 10.\cf4 \strokec4  Newport Path\cb1 \
\cb3  \cb1 \
\
\cb3   My hypothesis for picking these stations is because they had higher than four thousand people starting at these locations. \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 6.\cf4 \strokec4  Today, what are the top 10 stations in the city for ending a journey? (Based on data, why?)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3   Based off of the graph, the top 10 stations in the city to start biking:\cb1 \
\
\cb3     \cf2 \strokec2 1.\cf4 \strokec4  City Hall\cb1 \
\cb3     \cf2 \strokec2 2.\cf4 \strokec4  Columbus Dr at Exchange Pl\cb1 \
\cb3     \cf2 \strokec2 3.\cf4 \strokec4  Grove St. Path\cb1 \
\cb3     \cf2 \strokec2 4.\cf4 \strokec4  Hamilton Park\cb1 \
\cb3     \cf2 \strokec2 5.\cf4 \strokec4  Harborside\cb1 \
\cb3     \cf2 \strokec2 6.\cf4 \strokec4  JC Medical Center\cb1 \
\cb3     \cf2 \strokec2 7.\cf4 \strokec4  Liberty Light Rail\cb1 \
\cb3     \cf2 \strokec2 8.\cf4 \strokec4  Marin Light Rail\cb1 \
\cb3     \cf2 \strokec2 9.\cf4 \strokec4  Newport Path\cb1 \
\cb3     \cf2 \strokec2 10.\cf4 \strokec4  Newport Pkwy\cb1 \
\cb3   \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 7.\cf4 \strokec4  Today, what are the bottom 10 stations in the city for starting a journey? (Based on data, why?) Using the same graph as the top 10 stations, we can see that the bottom 10 stations to start the biking trip at are:\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 1.\cf4 \strokec4  5 Corners Library\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 2.\cf4 \strokec4  Christ Hospital\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 3.\cf4 \strokec4  Communioaw & Berry Lane\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 4.\cf4 \strokec4  Dey St.\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 5.\cf4 \strokec4  Glenwood Ave\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 6.\cf4 \strokec4  Jackson Square\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 7.\cf4 \strokec4  Journal Square\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 8.\cf4 \strokec4  Leonard Gordon park\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 9.\cf4 \strokec4  Union St\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 10.\cf4 \strokec4  JCBS Depot\cb1 \
\
\cb3   My hypothesis for picking these 10 stations as the bottom is because I filtered the graph to only show the counts for bikers under 2,000. Using that I was able to narrow the list of stations to a smaller amount allowing for easier analysis. Therefore, these 10 stations are where the least amount of people start their journey.\cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 8.\cf4 \strokec4  Today, what are the bottom 10 stations in the city for ending a journey (Based on data, why?)\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 1.\cf4 \strokec4  1 Ave & E St\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 2.\cf4 \strokec4  1 Ave & E 16 St\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 3.\cf4 \strokec4  6 Ave & W 33 St\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 4.\cf4 \strokec4  12 Ave & W 40 St\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 5.\cf4 \strokec4  Broadway & Battery Pl  \cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 6.\cf4 \strokec4  Broadway & W 49 St\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 7.\cf4 \strokec4  Broadway & W 51 St\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 8.\cf4 \strokec4  Broadway & W 122 St\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 9.\cf4 \strokec4  Central Park S & 6 Ave\cb1 \
\cb3   \cf2 \strokec2 10.\cf4 \strokec4  Christopher St & Greenwich St\cb1 \
\
\cb3   My hypothesis for picking these 10 bottom stations for ending journey is because just like the previous question I filtered this graph to only show counts under 2,000 and I was able to see that plenty of stations had single digit bikers or even 0 bikers ending their journey there.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 9.\cf4 \strokec4  Based on month, which month has the higher trip duration? Based on the graph it can be seen that July, August, and September have a higher trip durations than October and that is most likely due to the change in temperature.\cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 10.\cf4 \strokec4  Based on gender and months, which gender has the higher trip duration? Based on the graph it can be that females had a higher trip duration in August and September when the weather is not too hot and not cold. However, it can be seen that in October there was a sharp drop and that was most likely caused by the drops in temperature. Males had the highest trip duration in August and averaged above 30 minutes of bike trip duration. However, the difference between males and females is that the males still averaged around 25 minutes trip duration though October even with the temperatures being cooler.\cb1 \
\
}